Add meta description to some pages (#3853)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/wazuh-agent/wazuh_agent_package_linux.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn more about how to install or deploy the Wazuh lightweight agent in Linux in this section of our installation guide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to deploy the Wazuh agent on Linux with deployment variables that facilitate the task of installing, registering, and configuring the agent. 
```
